Load Ahem as a webfont everywhere (part 1) (#17148)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/writing-tests/ahem.md

Most other US-ASCII characters in the font have the same glyph as X.

## Usage

> Ahem should be loaded in tests as a WebFont. To simplify this, a test can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ahem should be loaded in tests as a web font. To simplify this, a test can
```
